doc: Update the ipc_radio enable doc section (#16043)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/ipc_radio/README.rst

Sysbuild Kconfig options
========================

> To enable the firmware, use the sysbuild configuration ``SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO``.

Reviewer: not sure why we aren't using the :kconfig: syntax, it works?

Author: @peknis informed me that Sysbuild Kconfig options are not linking properly yet.

Reviewer 2: Haven't seen it working. It does not create a link to the Kconfig option description.

Reviewer: It doesn't link but it is a valid tag. I don't think linking is possible because sysbuild uses a different Kconfig tree @gmarull thoughts? But I think we should use :kconfig: so we can do a grep for these and maybe some verification/validation/linking in future

Reviewer 3: do these Kconfig options actually map to an existing Kconfig option? ie, if we link to the option without `SB_` prefix, would it work?

Reviewer: No, they are new

Reviewer 3: Then we have no easy option. I'd avoid using the Kconfig role, we can always grep for `SB_CONFIG_.*`.

You can set the supported radio configurations using the following sysbuild Kconfig options:

* ``SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO_BT_HCI_IPC``
* ``SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO_BT_RPC``
* ``SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO_IEEE802154``

.. note::

>    For |NCS| samples and applications, use the ``SB_CONFIG_NRF_DEFAULT_IPC_RADIO`` sysbuild configuration instead of ``SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO`` to enable to firmware.

Reviewer 4: Note typo in ``to firmware``.
Does it make sense to mention what ``SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO`` is used for?
```suggestion
   For |NCS| samples and applications, use the ``SB_CONFIG_NRF_DEFAULT_IPC_RADIO`` sysbuild configuration to enable the firmware instead of ``SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO`` (which should only be used for production).
```

Author: The `SB_CONFIG_NRF_DEFAULT_IPC_RADIO` is present and used in all our (radio capable) samples, so I thought to mention the config and distingiush it from `SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO` to avoid confusion from the user perspective.

Sysbuild Kconfig options
========================

> To enable the firmware, use the sysbuild configuration :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable the firmware, use the sysbuild configuration ``SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO``.
```
Format the SB Kconfig options with double backticks until we have a better solution that makes these linkable.

> To enable the firmware, use the sysbuild configuration of :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable the firmware, use the sysbuild configuration :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO`.
```

You can set the supported radio configurations using the following sysbuild Kconfig options:

> * :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO_BT_HCI_IPC`
> * :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO_BT_RPC`
> * :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO_IEEE802154`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO_BT_HCI_IPC``
* ``SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO_BT_RPC``
* ``SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO_IEEE802154``
```

.. note::

>    For |NCS| samples and applications the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NRF_DEFAULT_IPC_RADIO` is used instead of :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO` in order to enable to firmware.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For |NCS| samples and applications, use the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NRF_DEFAULT_IPC_RADIO` sysbuild configuration instead of :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO` to enable to firmware.
```

>    For |NCS| samples and applications, use the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NRF_DEFAULT_IPC_RADIO` sysbuild configuration instead of :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO` to enable to firmware.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For |NCS| samples and applications, use the ``SB_CONFIG_NRF_DEFAULT_IPC_RADIO`` sysbuild configuration instead of ``SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_IPC_RADIO`` to enable to firmware.
```
